allowlist max correction (#17835)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/network-authorization.md

{{site.data.alerts.callout_success}}
Use GCP VPC Peering or AWS PrivateLink if:

> - You need to allowlist more defined IP address ranges than allowed by the maximum (200 for CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} clusters on GCP or Azure, 7 for {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} clusters on AWS, and 50 for CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.serverless }}). For CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} clusters on AWS, reach out to your Cockroach Labs team or support to increase the limit if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You need to allowlist more defined IP address ranges than the default maximum (200 for CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} clusters on GCP or Azure, 7 for {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} clusters on AWS, and 50 for CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.serverless }}). For CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} clusters on AWS, reach out to your Cockroach Labs team or support to increase the limit if needed.
```
Slight rewording, but I wonder if it is worth putting the specific maximums in a sub-list. I'm worried that they will be difficult to spot if you're just skimming the topic.
